# Referral Bonuses

Referrals from people who already work at Learners Guild are one of the best signals we can get about whether or not a candidate will be successful at Learners Guild. Learners Guild partners understand Learners Guild’s needs and what it’s like to work at Learners Guild, and their relationship with the candidate means they know a lot more than we can learn during an interview process.

In order to get good referrals, everyone needs to know which positions are open, know how to start the recruiting process, have time to search their network, and feel aligned with the company incentives. Open positions should be posted on our website and also in the #hiring channel so that everyone sees who we’re trying to hire. We’ll host a company lunch with food on the second Tuesday of every month where we talk about which positions are open and go through everyone’s online networks looking for and thinking about candidates. Partners will do initial outreach to interesting connection, which will give us a good space to talk about how we start the recruiting process.

**We offer a $5,000 referral bonus for any new hire that comes from an partner referral to help align company incentives with individual incentives.** All partners (except the founder) are eligible for the referral bonus. The referral date can’t be earlier than the date the job is posted and the hiring of the referred partner has to happen within 180 days (six months) of the initial referral. The referral must represent the candidate’s first contact with Learners Guild, and only the first partner to refer a candidate can get the bonus. The referrer should send the candidate’s information to the appropriate role (make sure to remove name, gender, race, and age from the information you send over). The referring partner must still be employed by Learners Guild during the hired candidate’s first 30 days of employment, and will be paid within 90 days of the referred partner’s first day.
